Fix FIST sampler event number comparison with afterburner bug (#78)
smash-transport/smash-vhlle-hybrid: docs/user/CHANGELOG/index.md

    This symbol indicates _changes that deserve particular attention by the user_.

### SMASH-vHLLE-hybrid-2.1.3

???+ success "&nbsp; :date: &nbsp; Release date: 2025-06-05 &emsp; :left_right_arrow: &nbsp; [Compare changes to previous version](https://github.com/smash-transport/smash-vhlle-hybrid/compare/SMASH-vHLLE-hybrid-2.1.2...SMASH-vHLLE-hybrid-2.1.3)"

>     :sos: &nbsp; Fix handler crash when using the FIST sampler, which was due to the consistency check of the number of events of the `Sampler` and the `Afterburner` stage.

Reviewer: The problem was only occurring when running the afterburner in combination with the FIST sampler together, isn't it? 🤔 So I would rephrase this to be more precise. Something like:

```suggestion
    :sos: &nbsp; Fix hybrid handler crash accessing an unbound variable when trying to run both the `Sampler` and the `Afterburner` stages using the FIST sampler.
```
